OSDOCS#9649: Release notes for networking doc enhancements (#71631)
openshift/openshift-docs: microshift_release_notes/microshift-4-15-release-notes.adoc

//==== Administrator Perspective
//admin perspectives go here

//[id="microshift-4-15-security"]
//=== Security and compliance
//
// This content will be added post-GA, as it is asynchronous content.

[id="microshift-4-15-networking"]
=== Networking

[id="microshift-4-15-networking-doc-enhancements"]
==== Networking documentation enhancements

Various networking documentation improvements are now available in the {microshift-short} release.

> * *Network features with their customization status.* A new detailed table of the networking features and their customizations that are accessible in a {microshift-short} instance are described in xref:../microshift_networking/microshift-cni.adoc#microshift-nw-customization-matrix_microshift-about-ovn-k-plugin[MicroShift networking customization matrix].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Network features with their customization status.* A new detailed table of the networking features and their customizations that are accessible in a {microshift-short} instance are described in xref:../microshift_networking/microshift-cni.adoc#microshift-nw-customization-matrix_microshift-about-ovn-k-plugin[{microshift-short} networking customization matrix].
```

> * *Network features with their customization status.* A new detailed table of the networking features and their customizations that are accessible in a {microshift-short} instance are described in xref:../microshift_networking/microshift-cni.adoc#microshift-nw-customization-matrix_microshift-about-ovn-k-plugin[MicroShift networking customization matrix].

Reviewer: One small thought/suggestion for your consideration - I think it's totally fine as is now, but do you think this list would be cleaner if you used a colon after the enhancements instead of a period?
```suggestion
* *Network features with their customization status:* A new detailed table of the networking features and their customizations that are accessible in a {microshift-short} instance are described in xref:../microshift_networking/microshift-cni.adoc#microshift-nw-customization-matrix_microshift-about-ovn-k-plugin[MicroShift networking customization matrix].
```

Not sure if it would look better so it's totally up to you, just thought I'd share that suggestion.

Reviewer: I also notice that this period is within the bold text and the others are not. Regardless of which punctuation you choose and whether or not to make it bold, I'd just make sure it's consistent throughout the list of enhancements.

Author: Ooo nice catch with the bold periods. Yeah we tried using the colons first but we liked the look of the periods better.

> * *Network topology updates*. Extensive examples of the Network topology available in your {microshift-short} instance is also updated, see xref:../microshift_networking/microshift-cni.html#microshift-network-topology_microshift-about-ovn-k-plugin[Network topology].

Reviewer: Suggestion - something reads a tad off here. Is it the examples that have been updated? If so, I'd make this change:
```suggestion
* *Network topology updates*. Extensive examples of the Network topology available in your {microshift-short} instance are also updated, see xref:../microshift_networking/microshift-cni.html#microshift-network-topology_microshift-about-ovn-k-plugin[Network topology].
```

Author: Yeah the `are` is better, thank you!

* *Auditing exposed ports examples*. The {microshift-short} documentation now includes procedures on auditing exposed network ports and viewing port log settings. The updated documentation can be viewed in xref:../microshift_networking/microshift-networking-settings.adoc#microshift-exposed-audit-ports_microshift-networking[Auditing exposed network ports]. 

* *Adding and closing ports*. This release also improved the documentation for adding and closing ports and services in your {microshift-short} firewall, see xref:../microshift_networking/microshift-firewall.adoc#microshift-firewall-optional-settings_microshift-firewall[Using optional port settings].

> * *Network policies introduction*. With this release, an introduction to setting network policies has been added to the {microshift-short} documentation. More details expected to follow in z-stream releases, see xref:../microshift_networking/microshift-network-policy/microshift-network-policy-index.adoc#microshift-network-policy-index[Setting network policies].

Reviewer: Small suggestion:
```suggestion
* *Network policies introduction*. With this release, an introduction to setting network policies has been added to the {microshift-short} documentation. More details are expected to follow in z-stream releases, see xref:../microshift_networking/microshift-network-policy/microshift-network-policy-index.adoc#microshift-network-policy-index[Setting network policies].
```

[id="microshift-4-15-networking-disconnected"]
==== Configuring {microshift-short} on disconnected hosts

> You can configure your network settings to run {microshift-short} on a fully disconnected host. This feature is also enabled in {microshift-short} version 4.14. For more information, see xref:../microshift_networking/microshift-disconnected-network-config.adoc[Configuring network settings for fully disconnected hosts]

Reviewer: Missing a period here:
```suggestion
You can configure your network settings to run {microshift-short} on a fully disconnected host. This feature is also enabled in {microshift-short} version 4.14. For more information, see xref:../microshift_networking/microshift-disconnected-network-config.adoc[Configuring network settings for fully disconnected hosts].
```

//
// This content will be added post-GA, as it is asynchronous content.

[id="microshift-4-15-networking"]
=== Networking

[id="microshift-4-15-networking-doc-enhancements"]
==== Networking documentation enhancements

> Various networking documentation improvements are now available in the {product-version}{product-title} release.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

//still don't know if I like this intro :soso-hand-emoji:

> This release includes extensive information on the OVN-Kubernetes Container Network Interface (CNI) plugin and describes its usage with {microshift-short}. You can also view the various networking customizations and features that are accessible in a {microshift-short} instance. This includes overviews of the supported networking components and services as well as outlines of the network topology. For more information, see xref:../microshift_networking/microshift-cni.adoc#microshift-cni[About the OVN-Kubernetes network plugin].

Reviewer 2: I like this as the lede, good and strong! You can use the {microshift-short} attribute, too.
```suggestion
This release includes extensive information on the OVN-Kubernetes Container Network Interface (CNI) plugin and describes its usage with {microshift-short}. 
* That status of networking customizations and features that are accessible in a {microshift-short} instance is detailed. 
* See xref:../microshift_networking/microshift-cni.adoc#microshift-cni[About the OVN-Kubernetes network plugin].
```

The {microshift-short} documentation now includes procedures on how to audit exposed network ports and view the port log settings. The updated documentation can be viewed in xref:../microshift_networking/microshift-networking-settings.adoc#microshift-exposed-audit-ports_microshift-networking[Auditing exposed network ports].

> 

Reviewer 2: hmm, we need to get the inbound/outbound and network policies in here for this note to be really worthwhile
